Be careful. They can't see you here.
Where?
I'm outside now.
I can't head over right now.
It's Mr. Matsumoto. Mr. Matsumoto.
He wants 10 cases in advance.
He said he can't run his factory
without the material cost ready.
He should pay the cost out of his pocket.
-That was close.
-Excuse me.
Sorry.
Yes.
Yes. All right. Talk to you soon.
Hey, there he comes.
Tarou.
Delivery Tarou. Over here.
Strange.
Wasn't that our guy?
I don't see Cosmo Delivery these days.
That name sucks. Delivery Tarou is cooler.
-What's for lunch?
-Surprise.
Udon again?
Udon shop was closed. 401 is off-duty too.
I hope everything goes well for Mr. Jinba.
JINBA
-Dad's coming?
-He got a day off.
I can't believe it!
Tetsu. When are her parents arriving?
Oh, no.
Later.
What's Dad wearing?
Nothing changes his impression.
It's a miracle Tetsu is getting married.
I'm ready.
Oh, wow.
Handsome.
I'M OFF!
I LOOK GREAT THANKS TO YOU!
Girlfriend?
No, no.
I selected a suit for my partner.
Mind selecting me one?
Yohito.
It's your turn.
It's an honor to golf with your son.
He knows nothing about the world.
His posture tells me
he's quite an athlete.
Nice shot…
Fore.
Nice fore.
Hurry up, Dad.
Coming.
DEMAE TAROU
Hello.
Thank you.
Checking your competition?
What? Oh, no. We're not.
Melon bread.
All of them?
-Yes. Nine of them.
-Why?
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
Thank you!
Here I go, then.
-No, no.
-What?
-Got to take photos.
-Photos?
Melon bread. They look delicious.
You can ignore Ibuki.
He's keeping me company.
-Isn't he annoying?
-No.
He loves it when I send a heart.
You're creepy.
What is he, a kid?
MPD to all stations.
DOA in a storage in Shin Nippori.
Address is Shin Nippori 2-5,
Trunk Paradise.
MIU 404, heading from Abiko-bashi.
Roger.
MIU 404 starting initial investigation.
-Hello.
SITE WHERE BODY WAS FOUND
CAT LITTER
TEO CAT
Suicide?
Who covered him with litter?
A cat?
Meow joking.
I didn't know you could live in a storage.
A storage room is for storing goods.
Staying or napping in here is illegal.
-It's written in any contract.
-So…
You can't live here.
2016.
How long has he been here?
I saw a cat digging under the door.
There was litter on the ground.
I thought someone was feeding it.
So, I called the renter.
… is no longer in use.
I went there with a spare key
but the door was open.
-Seen him before?
-No. Of course not.
I didn't know a guy was living here.
-Who's the renter?
-Here.
Seiji Yamanaka.
The bank account's under the same name.
Wait.
-That's not him.
-What?
You know this guy?
No.
The contract started in 2009.
Ten years ago?
Who's the dead man?
Her family lived abroad.
I wanted to go overseas too.
Save up and go alone.
I've no money.
Hey, you.
Watch it. I'll kill you.
What a freak.
There are creeps out there.
He's a wanted felon.
SHINJUKU
How's MIU?
Why did you put me in there?
I heard you got me in there.
To spy on Captain Kikyo?
What are you talking about?
Someone told me so.
I wanted to join MIU.
But I didn't know the difference
between NPA and MPD.
I entered NPA because it was
the tougher choice.
Policy planning, dealing
with expense, lecturing politicians…
It wasn't the police work I imagined.
Seriously?
I'm so jealous of you.
Mr. Saito.
Got a minute?
Hello?
Look something up for me.
I can't remember which case it was.
When you're following through…
Chief. Excuse me.
Remember the robbery where we found
plastic wraps of fish sausages?
Fish sausages?
I've got it.
-Mameji remembered.
-Did he say Mameji?
Assault and robbery in Suginami.
Mr. Itomaki has images.
I'll transfer it to you.
You look good in it.
What? Really?
-Yes. The long one.
-Why?
That looks like him.
What are you doing there?
Where are we? Are you lost?
I'll call you back.
-I need you two to get out.
-What?
There's a wanted felon on that taxi.
As a cop, I'm obliged to follow him.
You're doing it again?
Again?
I wonder what'll happen. I can't wait.
18 YEARS AGO
-What is it?
-There's a wanted felon.
What?
As a cop, I'm obliged to follow him.
That was the worst family trip.
Tetsu became rebellious after that.
A criminal is walking the streets…
Understood.
Thanks.
Good luck chasing him.
I bought this car.
Thanks to my savings.
Hey.
My phone. My wallet.
Hey, my mobile.
Wait. Hey.
Coroner says it's been
40 to 48 hours since he died.
Suffocation.
The victim was homeless.
Suicide?
Then who poured the litter on him?
Another homeless found him
and stole his money.
He poured the litter to conceal the fact.
Possible. Any footage?
The cameras are dummies. Too bad.
We'll talk to Seiji Yamanaka,
the renter, to ID the victim.
-His home's in…
-We've three people here.
They are all renters.
We should go talk to them.
We'll talk to this Seiji Yamanaka.
We'll leave this place to you.
These detectives don't care.
They think it's a suicide.
And you?
Something doesn't seem right, meow.
There's something going on, meow.
I'm with you on this.
This isn't a suicide.
Say that over.
You have to say,
"This isn't a suicide meow."
I won't say that.
Let's talk to them.
Okay, meow.
Look at her outfit.
This is going to be fun.
What happened?
Various things.
We came here to get our stuff.
What are we going to do tonight?
Stay at a café? A bit expensive though.
We can't stay here overnight.
Then we heard screaming.
Storage seven, right?
Yes.
-We saw it.
-Saw what?
A ghost.
A ghost?
It's fine. I'm sorry I ate it…
I swear to god.
Okay. Tell me your name and address.
Okay. What's your name?
-Su Metal.
-Moa Metal.
I'm Ibuki Metal.
That's not your real name.
I use the storage as a wardrobe.
I've an event today, and I'm late.
-I need your name and address.
-I'm Juri.
-Full name.
-Juri.
Your Tbutter account isn't legitimate ID.
Your name and address, please.
Shima, Shima. I can't do this.
They're runaway girls
living in Internet cafes.
They won't tell me their names. Help me.
Detective. I'm hungry. Can we go now?
Certainly not.
What? We're exhausted.
Here you go. Melon bread.
Those were ours.
Buy some more.
-When?
-What is this?
-Tell me what is going on.
-A body was discovered in there.
We need your cooperation.
-It's the ghost.
-Totally.
-Ghost?
-They saw a ghost there.
-You seem to know…
-I know.
The identity of the mysterious presence.
I was sensing something from that room.
It's next door.
-Next door?
-Yes.
I sense it.
Someone's in there.
Police.
Come out with good grace.
Come out, ghost.
I'm not Ibuki.
Taxi. Hey, hey.
Stop.
Nobody's in here.
Come on.
Was I mistaken?
Meow, joking!
Bam.
Well, hello.
Okay. Come on out.
Did you kill him?
I didn't.
Then why hide?
Stop mistreating him.
Start talking. Here, have a seat.
You didn't kill him?
No.
-Do you know the guy next door?
-No.
Have you been in there?
Have you talked to the guy?
No.
I try to believe most
of what people tell me.
But I can't take your flagrant lie.
Cat fur.
The same type found next door.
What's this cat toy?
We've this much evidence. Be honest.
What is your relation with the cat?
No, no. your relation with your neighbor.
What's your relation with your neighbor?
Well.
Listen…
Mr. Kurata.
Stay silent.
They want to scare you
into saying what serves them.
They'll pin the crime on you.
-Who are you?
-A passerby.
Never seen a passerby like you.
I've been curious of your outfit.
Cat fur.
Well, well.
Over here, too.
You also knew that this man was in here.
The passerby accomplice?
No, no. I didn't do anything.
We might have to ask
both of you to come with us.
I didn't want to get involved,
but I've no choice.
This is my true identity.
Lawyer?
-Juzo?
-What? Juzo?
You're a lawyer?
Mr. Kurata.
You told me that the cat was yours.
Who's the dead guy next door?
I can't protect you
if you don't tell me the truth.
I'm Yasunori Kurata.
I retired from my company in March.
But I got duped in a fraud.
That's when I started
sleeping in my storage.
Oh, Kinpira.
You're safe.
I know that living or having pets
in the storage is illegal.
Right now, I'm not a lawyer
but a cosplayer…
Let's cut to the chase.
How do you two know each other?
She passed by when Kinpira was sick,
and she helped him.
She took him to the vet.
Cats are justice.
I prefer dogs.
That's all there is between us.
I found Kinpira before the door today.
I feared the super would spot him.
So, I hid him in my room.
I thought he was your cat.
Ken told me not to tell anybody about him.
So, your neighbor's name is Ken?
Ken as in Ken Takakura.
Anybody with a real name here?
He told me that he found
the cat barely alive.
He used to sunbathe
with the cat by the bank.
Were you in front of the storage
because your master died?
Did he tell you how he became homeless?
Perhaps he had a fight
with his wife like I did.
You left home for that?
She blamed me for getting duped.
So, why did you kill him?
I didn't.
Why cover him with that thing?
"Thing?"
-What?
-Stop the leading questions.
This is being recorded.
Excuse me.
Ken…
Was he killed?
We're still not sure.
Do you remember anything?
No.
He'd been sleeping here
way before I started to.
Just cool off at the park during summer.
You can bathe in the fountain.
You're an expert
on how to live in a storage.
I never wished to be.
If I could never get out
of this lifestyle…
"I'm already dead."
That's what he said.
I also ask myself why I am here.
"How long will I stay here?"
I'm living in a box where I keep
what I don't need for no reason.
My life is meaningless.
Don't talk like that.
If you say that, most of what exist
in this world is meaningless.
I do cosplay and sing
just because I like it.
There's no meaning.
But we have nothing here
that we don't need.
We store our treasure here.
Treasure?
At any rate, Ken is Ken.
You two are not the same.
Ken died two nights ago.
Did you not notice anything?
We didn't meet every day.
Maybe you heard a noise for example?
What else could we think of…
Actually.
-I heard Kinpira.
-Kinpira?
I'd never heard Kinpira hissing like that.
I thought he was hurt.
There's blood.
Did he scratch the perp?
Which means it was a murder?
Take Kinpira to forensics.
-The whole cat?
-Excuse me.
Yes?
Can you clip Kinpira's nail?
-Kinpira's nail?
-It's dangerous.
It's dangerous. Let me do it.
We'll do it over there. Please.
Can I go too?
Sure.
The melon bread.
They took all of it. Huh? What?
Those local cops called
about Seiji Yamanaka of storage seven.
12 years ago, he was approached
by a friend of his senior at work.
He asked him to sell him his bank account.
He carelessly made
an account and sold it to the guy.
It's clear that
the account went to a criminal.
He was oblivious
of the storage rented under his name.
Nor did he know Ken.
Who is this Ken?
I found out one thing.
Ken wasn't able to rent
the storage under his own name.
He's a criminal.
Hey.
I knew I'd seen Ken's face somewhere.
I saw him in Okutama.
Wanted felon.
You're under arrest.
I need your phone.
I forgot my phone.
I forgot my badge
at home too, but I'm a cop.
Never heard of such a dumb cop.
A wanted felon is in that cab. Stop.
-1720 yen.
-I can't pay.
-What?
-Call the police.
I'm from the MPD.
-I'm Kohei Jinba.
-Stop.
MPD to all stations. A fare beater
in the Ninowa jurisdiction.
Man claims to be Jinba of MPD.
Mr. Jinba?
Headed toward Kanesugi Shopping Street.
He's going after a wanted felon.
He's after a wanted felon.
We're after a wanted felon.
Two wanted felons?
This is who Mr. Jinba is after.
Itomaki got a call.
I'll transfer the information.
Assault and robbery case
that happened in Suginami in 2009.
While the robber ransacks the home
the resident comes home.
Fortunately, the victim didn't die.
Perps were identified
from testimonies and evidence.
But they're still at large.
There were two of them.
That's Ken. Ken Nashimoto.
Mr. Jinba's going after the other one,
Kunihiko Okuma.
The two wanted felons
are found simultaneously by chance?
KEN NASHIMOTO
KUNIHIKO OKUMA
-Excuse me.
-Yes?
Did you find any receipts?
Yes.
-Here they are.
-Thanks.
Fish sausage.
Here's another one.
Is it Kinpira's favorite food?
Were there any
plastic wraps or bag litter?
Not at all.
That's it. Thanks.
What? What?
The identity of the ghost.
The case in Suginami.
There were plastic wraps of fish sausages.
The saliva on the wraps
contained Okuma's DNA.
It's Okuma, and not Kinpira,
who likes fish sausage.
Yes, meow.
Meow.
TRUNK PARADISE
RENTERS
Let's see.
There it is.
That's the guy who rented Ken's storage.
Room 48.
Okuma lived here.
Days passed since the robbery.
He waited here for
the statute of limitation to run out.
For ten years.
Hey, Shima.
What can one do in ten years?
Learn to speak English fluently.
Yes.
-Become a chef.
-Possible.
Watch all the detective series
in the world.
Nice.
You could do anything.
I got transferred to a police box,
then I came to MIU.
That's ten years.
Having a grudge
against someone for ten years.
Or becoming depraved.
I'm really glad that didn't happen to me.
I've been lucky.
Okuma's misfortune.
It was not leaving
this room for ten years,
and not being seen by anyone.
Now, let's catch this guy.
Right?
Yes.
Hey.
Stay still, idiot.
Police.
Kunihiko Okuma?
Where's your buddy, Ken Nashimoto?
He's…
We've a month and 24 days to go.
Pretty soon…
we'll be free.
We won't be free.
Huh?
Our names are already in the registry.
We can't rent a room.
We can't get a real job.
Had we confessed back then,
we would've gotten eight years.
We would've easily been set free by now.
We'd be living normal lives.
We might as well consider ourselves dead.
Shut up.
We won't be free.
Our names are already in the registry.
We can't rent a room.
We can't get a real job.
Had we confessed back then…
We would've easily been set free by now.
We'd be living normal lives.
We might as well consider ourselves dead.
I'm dead? Am I really dead?
I've been training for ten years.
You won't catch me.
Ten years is nothing.
You're up against someone
who's been a cop for 35 years.
Someone call for help!
Hello. Emergency center.
MPD to all stations.
A man with scissors fleeing
from shopping street in Ninowa.
A man claiming to be
an officer is pursuing him.
Location is Kanesugi Shopping Street
as announced 20 minutes ago.
-Oh, the melon bread.
-What?
I made another order earlier.
Shima-chan.
But we've no time to wait.
Right.
We must go.
I'm sorry, Tarou.
MIU 404 to MPD.
The man with the scissors
is involved in our case.
He's very likely the perp.
Heading to the shopping street
from Trunk Paradise.
Roger.
But…
What about the melon bread?
Police siren?
Basilica High. Gaku Narikawa.
It's really you.
You said in your message
that you were framed by the police?
Weren't you making prank calls
and playing Hyper Game?
I wasn't involved.
How about these kids?
Yeah.
They probably did.
Hence, they got arrested.
You didn't get arrested.
-So you're innocent?
-Yes.
But my name is all over the Internet.
I can no longer go home.
But these kids never intended to do harm.
The cops arrested them
in a sting op to set an example.
The police are cowards.
They're just earning points
so they can get promoted.
I like that.
Rec the check.
The police are like that.
You are the victim.
Damn it.
Mr. Jinba.
-Mr. Jinba.
-You okay?
-It's Okuma!
-Okuma?
Okuma!
-There he is.
-I see him.
There. Take a right.
Shima. Hurry up.
He's right there.
What? Where did he go?
He's quick.
-Where is Okuma?
-Okuma!
Okuma.
Just be quiet.
Where are they?
What the…?
Over there.
I knew it.
Tarou.
-You know him?
-The delivery guy?
Hang in there, Tarou.
I'm not Tarou.
MIU 404 to MPD. The perp
is fleeing in a Delivery Tarou outfit.
We're doing a free-delivery campaign now.
Huh?
There are at least 200 of us in this area.
Wow.
We need to check your ID.
Can I see your employee ID?
Delivery Tarou is on the rise, huh?
Didn't you all wear red before?
-That was ugly.
-Cosmo Delivery.
-That's our old name.
We changed our name in April.
But our boss is stingy.
We glued the new logo
on the other side of the jacket.
That's eco-friendly.
Bingo.
We reached the Delivery Tarou office.
The message has been sent
to all delivery staff.
Good.
COSMO DELIVERY
Red, red …
Blue.
We found our guy wearing a blue jacket.
He's moving west-bound
on Nakamachi Street.
Hi.
Okuma!
Give up.
Get lost!
That's assault. Don't go easy on him.
Roger that.
Fleeing won't do you any good.
I've got a month and 22 days left.
I'm not getting arrested now.
A month and 22 days and five years.
Huh?
Statute of limitation for
assault and robbery is 15 years.
It was revised in 2004.
It looks like you're not up to date.
That's a shame.
Give yourself up.
Okuma.
Then I'll just run away for years.
Emergency. MIU 404 asking for backup.
Perp is resisting with a weapon.
We're near the Nakamachi Intersection.
Asking for backup asap.
Okuma.
Settle down, Okuma.
Shima.
-Here.
-Mr. Jinba.
16:35 p.m.
You're under arrest for robbery,
assault, and stealing a bike.
You'll also be charged for killing Ken
and for the robbery in Suginami.
You're a real tough guy, aren't you?
Had he been arrested earlier.
It can't be helped.
You can't hold a hand
if it's completely closed.
Wait, where's my jacket?
Wait. Your son's…
-Dinner.
-Forget it.
-No way.
You have to go. You must go.
You want to live alone
in a storage room after you retire?
I don't care.
-No way.
-Hurry up.
Mr. Jinba.
-Go on already.
-Hurry up.
Go, go. Go on.
Hurry up.
Kinpira.
Cats aren't allowed in my apartment.
-How about our office?
-Impossible.
This guy says we can stay at his place.
Who?
What? Let me see.
-Let me see.
-This guy.
-Nope. No, thank you.
-Hey, stop.
Don't ever send me another message.
Okay. Send.
How could you?
We don't want you to get beaten
or get sexually abused.
There are nice people too.
Yes. Some want to help.
Girls. Think about it.
Guys like that
only respond to young girls.
If an old guy like Mr. Kurata asks
for help, they'd ignore him.
Nobody would lodge him.
True.
That's certain.
That is certain.
If something happens to you,
it would be tragic.
Yes. So, please…
Don't do that.
You ran away off some
problem with your parents?
Go to this support center
for teenage girls.
Here.
SUPPORT CENTER
STOP WORRYING! INTERNET COMMENT BOX
Here's my card.
Call me if you need me.
There are bad adults
but there are also good ones.
Don't give up.
First, rely on welfare
and public services.
You girls are not alone.
You too, Mr. Kurata.
Right.
Go home and talk with your wife.
Actually, my wife loves cats.
Well.
Kinpira.
Ken is dead.
You want to come live with me?
Now that the cat
has found a home, may I sing?
Why?
I missed the event.
Event?
Tell me if you want to request a song.
-Yes.
-All right.
Melon bread.
I've finally found you.
Excellent.
Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Have one.
Here you go.
It's the dessert, right?
Oh yeah.
Hey, look.
Dad.
Sorry, I'm late.
Allow me to say a few words.
I'm Tetsu's father, Kohei Jinba.
I'm extremely delighted to be here…
-This isn't the wedding.
-Please shut up.
Please excuse him.
Um…
I've been a detective for 35 years.
I've been a father for twenty some years.
I've done rather poorly as a father.
But your daughter…
Her name is Sae.
Sae chose to be with Tetsu.
Unlike me, Tetsu has the ability
to take cake of his family.
And he didn't get that from me.
He acquired this attribute through
his own experiences and ideas.
I'm very…
I'm very proud of my son.
Please take good care of my Tetsu.
The father unworthy
of his family should go now. Bye.
Dad.
You caught him, right?
The wanted felon. The real violent one.
We were just talking about it.
We're all impressed.
How did you know?
A Mr. Kokonoe told me
about it on Facenote.
He said you'd certainly show up.
I bet you're hungry.
Good thing you contribute
to the world although you don't at home.
Give me a break.
Thank you.
THANK YOU FOR THE MESSAGE
MY FATHER CAME!
Why did you put your son in MIU?
Yohito being my son is in a way a curse.
Having a son in the police is tricky.
Some might kiss up to him.
Others will hate him.
He may eventually lose his footing.
I want him to find his own path
without being swayed by anyone.
I worry for him.
I'm impressed.
You see? You ass-kisser.
I'm being honest. Sincerely.
A melon bread party
with people we met today.
He can't be serious.
Shima. Get in, get in.
-No thanks.
-Oh come on.
Hamu-chan.
Life's only going to get funner!
We'll always be by your side.
Okay, Shima you do it too! Hurry up!
Tarou.
What happened?
You're turn!
Captain?
-What's wrong?
-Something is off.
What's going on?
Captain?
Take a look at this.
Huh? Captain?
Mr. Kuzumi.
-Mr. Narikawa. What's up?
-Mr. Kuzumi.
Is everything okay?
How's the shared apartment?
Yes. It's great.
Good.
Two beers, please.
Wait, you're a minor.
I can drink.
I can't let you.
One melon soda.
Certainly.
As you've asked,
I went to see this Rec guy today.
Seriously?
I was only joking.
What?
Just kidding! I'm joking with you.
Thank you.
This is for your good work.
What do I do next?
There's a guy named Mr. Hamada.
He's a big supporter of Nightcrawler.
He wants Rec to have useful info.
That's my mission?
Also, call this company and help them out.
I'm sure they'd appreciate
your assistance.
For that, I'll pay you up front.
You can earn a lot from now on.
Life is all good.
Please.
Captain.
There it is.
It's a bug.
Who did this?
Unsolved serial murders.
The motive?
Let's catch this guy before anyone does.
I thought you were gone a long time ago.
We need your help.
You can take the credit.
You want to live with me?
One melon bread, please.
He's here to do an autopsy.
We're so good.